that's right
undressing with your eyes peel off that
spandex stop that's not what i'm doing
his shorts are so tight you can see that
his little dude is also wearing
a tiny back helmet
okay you seem upset well my business is
in the toilet
i don't have insurance oh i can barely
pay my bills
oh come on today my car got repossessed
other than that i'm
amazing it's time for you
to come face to face with who you are
and what you're capable of
what is this place the answer to all
your problems
are you kidding me this is a shelter
a safe haven for women to come without
societal judgment come on sam mclaughlin
what you got lizza
you up next rocky
[Applause]
are you gonna tough out when to step out
me
guessing i lost her yeah but at least
you fought you took a lot of courage it
would take a miracle worker to help me
i think i know just the guy that's who
you want to train me
[Applause]
[Laughter]
i want you to train me train you to do
what ride a bike i'm part of a fight
club that sounds dangerous
i am sick and tired of my demons getting
better at me and i want to punch them
square in the face
i like you heidi anna okay let's go with
that
you don't even hit like a girl you hit
like a cat like a cat that can't box
a place like that should be about real
competition with real fighters
she moves like neo in the matrix i'm not
afraid of you cobra kai
better watch your back yeah well you
better watch your
front parts this pretty face
gonna lose it she's been holding back
i'll see you in here tomorrow night
heads up
let's go
walk away mom jeans these are tight
that's it you ready to bleed
this is crazy
[Music]
you